README.md, before:

# maya-scripts
Collection of scripts written by myself for living Autodesk Maya hell better.

## substance-importer
### Changelog
- **Version 1.0.1**
  - Added version number, starting from 1.0.1
  - Fixed attribute "Flip G" on normal bump node

---

## autorig-hand
### Description
Script to rig an hand with three joints per finger, all children of a common wrist joint. It creates custom attributes for each finger joint on wrist control, plus a master fist control summed with PlusMinusAverage node to single finger joint control rotation, on specified axis (change line 12).

### Instruction
- Rename joints following these rules:
    - **Wrist**: \[Side\]\_Wrist_JNT *(ex. L_Wrist_JNT)*
    - **Each finger joint**: \[Side\]\_\[Finger\]\_\[Index\] *(ex. L_Thumb_0)*
        - Index is a progressive number, starting from 0 (the base of the finger)
        - No limitation on finger name, nor on finger count
- Rotate and freeze all joints
- Select wrist join
- Run script

### Caveats
There are no consistency controls on name and joint parenting on transformation. If there are objects with same name the script will return error (and probably some unexpected results).

### Changelog
- **Version 1.0.0**
    - Initial commit
- **Version 1.0.1**
    - Added possibility to create control to fingers with any number of phalanx, just add definitions on `FINGER_DEFS` variable
    - Added `WRIST_CTRL_SCALE` and `FINGER_CTRL_SCALE` to adjust controls scale

---

## colorize-orange
### Description
Activate display ovveride of the shape of selected object, set the color on RGB and the swatch to orange.

### Instruction
- Select objects to colorize
- Run the script
- Profit

### Caveats

The script automatically prepend 'Shape' to the name and check if the object exists, so if it's not working is because your selection doesn't have a shape. The shape check will fail silently, the message will be added in next versions.

### Changelog
- **Version 1.0.0**
    - Initial commit

---

## create-control-group
### Description
Create a circular control, group it and match the transformation of the group with selected joint.

### Instruction
- Select joint
- Run the script
- Enjoy

### Caveats
Not a single one, if any check will fail (no object selected or selected object is not a joint) it will fail with a message on viewport (top left corner) and abort.

### Changelog
- **Version 1.0.0**
    - Initial commit
- **Version 1.0.1**
    - Added `CTRL_SCALE` parameter to control the scale of control

---

## connect-rotation
### Description
Connect `rotate` attribute of the first selected object to the second one.

### Instruction
- Select the source of the rotation
- Select the destination
- Run script

### Caveats
It checks only for selection length, it ignores any check on `rotate` attribute existance.

---

## create-ikfk-switch
### Description
Automatically create a BlendColor node and connect to IK, FK and skin skeleton to create an IK/FK switch

### Instructions
- Select IK joint
- Select FK joint
- Select skin joint
- Run script

### Caveats
It will check only for selection length, any object will work (with unexpected results of course). The selection order is mandatory.

Commit message:

Fix missing HyperShade nodes on substance-importer

README.md, after:

# maya-scripts
Collection of scripts written by myself for living Autodesk Maya hell better.

## substance-importer

## Description
Create a new Arnold material from a folder with all exported maps from Substance Painter.

### Changelog
- **Version 1.0.1**
  - Added version number, starting from 1.0.1
  - Fixed attribute "Flip G" on normal bump node
- **Version 1.0.2**
    - Fixed missing shader in HyperShade panel
    - Fixed wrong flipping G on normal bump node
    - Added control to change material name before creating
    - Removed "create anyway" button, will be replaced with a popup message on a latter version

---

## autorig-hand
### Description
Script to rig an hand with three joints per finger, all children of a common wrist joint. It creates custom attributes for each finger joint on wrist control, plus a master fist control summed with PlusMinusAverage node to single finger joint control rotation, on specified axis (change line 12).

### Instruction
- Rename joints following these rules:
    - **Wrist**: \[Side\]\_Wrist_JNT *(ex. L_Wrist_JNT)*
    - **Each finger joint**: \[Side\]\_\[Finger\]\_\[Index\] *(ex. L_Thumb_0)*
        - Index is a progressive number, starting from 0 (the base of the finger)
        - No limitation on finger name, nor on finger count
- Rotate and freeze all joints
- Select wrist join
- Run script

### Caveats
There are no consistency controls on name and joint parenting on transformation. If there are objects with same name the script will return error (and probably some unexpected results).

### Changelog
- **Version 1.0.0**
    - Initial commit
- **Version 1.0.1**
    - Added possibility to create control to fingers with any number of phalanx, just add definitions on `FINGER_DEFS` variable
    - Added `WRIST_CTRL_SCALE` and `FINGER_CTRL_SCALE` to adjust controls scale

---

## colorize-orange
### Description
Activate display ovveride of the shape of selected object, set the color on RGB and the swatch to orange.

### Instruction
- Select objects to colorize
- Run the script
- Profit

### Caveats

The script automatically prepend 'Shape' to the name and check if the object exists, so if it's not working is because your selection doesn't have a shape. The shape check will fail silently, the message will be added in next versions.

### Changelog
- **Version 1.0.0**
    - Initial commit

---

## create-control-group
### Description
Create a circular control, group it and match the transformation of the group with selected joint.

### Instruction
- Select joint
- Run the script
- Enjoy

### Caveats
Not a single one, if any check will fail (no object selected or selected object is not a joint) it will fail with a message on viewport (top left corner) and abort.

### Changelog
- **Version 1.0.0**
    - Initial commit
- **Version 1.0.1**
    - Added `CTRL_SCALE` parameter to control the scale of control

---

## connect-rotation
### Description
Connect `rotate` attribute of the first selected object to the second one.

### Instruction
- Select the source of the rotation
- Select the destination
- Run script

### Caveats
It checks only for selection length, it ignores any check on `rotate` attribute existance.

---

## create-ikfk-switch
### Description
Automatically create a BlendColor node and connect to IK, FK and skin skeleton to create an IK/FK switch

### Instructions
- Select IK joint
- Select FK joint
- Select skin joint
- Run script

### Caveats
It will check only for selection length, any object will work (with unexpected results of course). The selection order is mandatory.
